[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: The New
Age movement is no longer new,
as witnessed by the fact that
a second generation of people
raised by those who comprise the
New Age movement are now of age
and writing their own books.
One such young woman
is Elizabeth April,
raised from birth with the
kind of education and knowledge
that the rest of us only
grew into in adulthood.
She's here today to speak
about her take on universal law
and where the Earth is heading.
Welcome.
It's good to meet you.
>>ELIZABETH APRIL:
Thank you so much.
Likewise.
Happy to be here.
>>REGINA: So as when I
was preparing the script,
you and I have a lot of very
similar takes on where we're
going as a people, what we
need to do to raise ourselves
up and overcome some
deliberate obstacles that
have been placed in our way.
I would call them
deliberate, right?
>>APRIL: Yes, absolutely.
>>REGINA: And so I
thought we'd start
because you are one of
those fortunate people who
were born into already
advanced knowledge,
just as your little boy has
been born into even more
advanced knowledge.
So we're kicking it up fast.
So tell us about you and
your childhood a little bit,
what you're born into and
what you started recognizing
at a very early age.
>>APRIL: Yeah, so
my parents tell me
that around the
age of two, I was
seeing things and communicating
with things that they weren't
able to see or perceive.
And there was a difference.
I had a brother who
was a year older,
so he wasn't necessarily having
the same sort of interactions.
And so I was able to see spirits
and ghosts and chakras and auras
and feel energies and all of
that stuff at a young age.
But my framework
was Catholicism.
So I thought at a very young
age that I was talking to God.
And for a very
long time, I wanted
to be a nun because,
of course, I
wanted to devote myself to
being the communicator of God
and spreading his messages.
And of course, that
freaked my mom out
because she wasn't Catholic.
And she didn't want me
to throw my life away.
But that was my framework.
That was my context.
Now, it was really difficult to
make friends when I was younger.
I was always the outcast
or the weird kid.
So--
>>REGINA: And the observer.
>>APRIL: I was
definitely the observer.
I mean, for example, at
around the age of six,
I went over to my
friend's house.
And I was like it's so nice
that your grandfather is
visiting you.
Meanwhile, her grandfather
passed away four years earlier.
And he was just
around the house.
And so that was who I was.
And I didn't realize
that no one else
could see what I was seeing
until I really got into school.
>>REGINA: And did that
become like a little bit
of a slap or what?
>>APRIL: I think I went within.
I think I really
reclused out a little bit
because I all of a sudden
felt different when
I felt really normal before.
And so at 10, I shut all
of those abilities down.
>>REGINA: But let me
ask you a question.
Were your parents familiar
enough and comfortable enough
that you could have--
they would have been happy to
assist you in staying open?
Or did you just have
enough experience
to know, I need to
stop this for a while?
>>APRIL: Yeah, so my mom
was, I think, overwhelmed.
She didn't know how to navigate.
She was freaked out, I think,
by my abilities, especially
when I saw ghosts
around the house.
My dad was more, once again,
from that Catholic perspective.
He thought I really had a gift
but a gift to talk to God.
So he would interview me.
He'd be like, OK, well,
what's God telling you today?
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>APRIL: Yeah.
So he helped--
>>REGINA: He
validated you, really.
>>APRIL: He absolutely
did, yes, which was great.
>>REGINA: But in school?
>>APRIL: In school,
no, not so much.
I really kept those
things hidden,
especially when I
discovered that it
wasn't normal to be that way.
But around the age
of 14, after a couple
of years of shutting that down
and being normal and having
friends, I got into a really
deep state of depression,
a lot of depression,
anxiety, really feelings
of not wanting to be here.
It was my dad who--
interesting
combination, engineer,
Catholic, but also did some
courses on past life regression.
So at 16--
>>REGINA: Wow, great.
>>APRIL: I know.
And so he said, would you be
interested in experiencing
a past life regression?
And at that point, I was
willing to try anything.
So I said, absolutely.
>>REGINA: I mean, for
a Catholic, no less.
That's great.
>>APRIL: For a
Catholic, no less.
Exactly.
And so in about an
hour and a half,
we went into around four or
five different lifetimes.
And in each of
these lifetimes, I
was typically either
a shaman or a healer,
someone who was able to
gain access to information
and then relay it.
And I realized at 16 that, A,
time is an illusion, and B,
reincarnation is real.
And it just blew the
lid off of my reality
so much that I thought I could
maybe take this to other people.
So I ended up writing down the
notes from my dad's past life
regression book.
And two years later,
at 18, I started
giving past life regressions
to anyone who was open to it.
>>REGINA: It's fun.
I had a little
hypnotherapy clinic.
And that's mostly
what I did, too.
>>APRIL: Incredible.
>>REGINA: I loved it.
You watch people wake up.
>>APRIL: Yes.
And as you know, being in
that role as the observer.
If you think about giving one
hundred people a past life
regression, experiencing
potentially five lifetimes each,
that's 500 lifetimes that we
get to observe and learn from.
And so it was really incredible.
And that's when all of
my gifts and abilities
started coming
back online at 18.
So remote viewing
and deep states
of trance meditation,
mediumship, channeling.
Now, if you ask me if
aliens existed at that time,
I would say, for sure
there's got to be something
else out there in the universe.
But there's no way
they would be here.
Why would they bother with
little old us, you know?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>APRIL: And around
that time, I ended up
getting abducted by aliens,
by interdimensionals.
And it was a very
physical abduction.
And for me, it was
another huge awakening.
Once again, there's
so much more out there
that we're not fully aware of.
So who are they?
And why are they here?
And why are they so
interested in us?
And so that was more
than a decade ago.
And since then, I've been
applying my channeling
and remote viewing abilities
with interdimensionals
and the ascension to
really better understand
what's going on planet Earth and
what we can learn at this time
so that we can move forward
with ease and grace.
>>REGINA: So most of your
guidance, would you say then,
is coming from other dimensional
beings or ETs directly?
>>APRIL: Yeah, I get guidance
from a multitude of places.
So I'll talk to
interdimensionals who work
with the Galactic Federation.
I'll talk to my higher self.
I'll just tune in to the
collective of humanity,
see where they're
at energetically.
I'll even talk to, say, Mother
Gaia, as a consciousness,
see where she's at with
this whole ascension.
So yeah.
And I'll also talk
to source directly,
too, to gain access
to other information.
>>REGINA: I've interviewed
a woman named Dr. Linda
Backman a couple of times now.
And one thing she does,
she is a psychologist who
takes people into regression.
But what she started
noticing years ago
is that so many
people were regressed
to a place that wasn't Earth.
And she said now--
I mean, now her
business is flooded
with people who are--
she calls them IPs,
interplanetary beings, that
many, many people incarnating
now are of other sources.
And would you say that
about yourself and that's
why you were contacted
at such an early age?
>>APRIL: I definitely believe
I'm not from this planet.
>>REGINA: It's not everybody.
But it's a decent
percentage of people.
>>APRIL: Yes, it is.
>>REGINA: And I would dare
say that of the people
I interviewed, for example,
people like yourselves,
most of them are here to help.
And that is what the
directive is with the IPs,
is to come at a very
intense time of change
and help usher humanity
through those changes.
So we've identified you.
We know who you are now.
We don't know where you're from.
Do you know where you're--
where maybe your last--
I don't even like to
say where you're from,
where your last stop was,
because some of us go all over.
>>APRIL: Absolutely.
Yeah, I believe that
a lot of the starseeds
or galactic volunteers are
super multidimensional,
so they come from many places.
But for me, I'm very
connected to the Greys.
So that was my past self.
I was a Grey when I chose
to come here as a human.
And then I'm also very
connected to my future self
who is a mantis being.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>APRIL: But the majority of
my contact and connections
are all with Pleiadians.
>>REGINA: Yes.
It seems like a lot of
people I know and interview
and are friends of
mine, myself included,
have all had some history
with the Pleiades.
That's their directive now,
is to help us figure out
the last piece is to
make that next step.
So from the Grey, why--
when you went back,
what was your soul's
charter from the status
of Grey, coming here
to do what you do now?
>>APRIL: Yeah, so I was a
Grey ambassador for my species
at that time.
And I was actually one of the
original individuals who started
the hybrid movement back then.
So the Galactic Federation
contacted me and essentially
my civilization to
say, we would really
love to do some technology
transfer with you, exchange.
We'll give you information.
If you want to join the
Galactic Federation,
we could really use your
understanding of hybridization.
And so we worked with
the Galactic Federation
back then to help splice
DNA for human beings.
>>REGINA: When you say back
then, what are we talking about?
>>APRIL: We're talking--
>>REGINA: Toward the beginning?
>>APRIL: I mean, even before
the beginning of planet Earth.
So we were working with
them on the hybrid project,
which is the human beings.
And I do believe that
this is a prophecy planet.
This has been prophesied
for quite some time
to have us as human
beings here because it's
quite a special dynamic that
we've got going on here.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah, nothing
normal about humans.
I mean, what's so
wonderful about humans
is the-- well, obviously,
though, it sounds like a cliche,
it's not-- the notion
that we have choice
because choice doesn't
exist to this extent
in a lot of other places,
paired with incredible diversity
of every kind.
It's like throw
them in the sandbox
and let's see what happens.
>>APRIL: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And so
we're looking around.
We can see what's
happened because this is
our collective creation, right?
Do you have like--
OK, so just to get
down to it, you
tap into all different sources.
And one of your primary areas of
interest at this time, and some
might even say in
their view of it,
concern is the progression
of planet Earth.
I mean, we all know we're
going to a better place.
But getting there is of
interest to many people.
Can you talk about
this phase we're in?
>>APRIL: Absolutely.
So I'm a big believer in
the interdimensional realm.
We're not just existing in
a linear state of being.
We're existing in a
quantum state of being.
And essentially what that
means is even though we're both
sitting in this
beautiful room, there
are many different frequencies,
vibrations, dimensional levels
and layers that are happening
right here, right now.
And what's really
interesting is the Earth
is shifting from one
dimensional level
to another dimensional level.
And we get to do this
at an individual level.
And then eventually, when
enough individuals do this,
we can shift collectively.
And so that's what's
going on here.
And I think a lot of the
solar flares that we're
getting hit with are
helping with this ascension.
Things have got to get worse
before they get better.
So we've got to purge out the
old dense vibrations before we
get into the lighter ones.
And I always say that the number
one thing we all need in order
to shift is, A, the
willingness to change,
and B, gratitude and
appreciation because that truly
is that unconditional
love frequency that
will raise our vibration.
>>REGINA: It's a
very high frequency.
People talk about love a lot.
But love is a loaded word.
It means different things
to different people.
Gratitude means
one thing to all.
If you can actually
connect and feel it,
you're in a much
higher state of being.
And so I agree with
you 100% on that.
So just if we made
that one shift
so that we were
collectively in that field,
that higher frequency
range, that's
when that mass leap
can take place.
So I just wanted to also bring
up something around that.
Probably, it's been quite a few,
maybe a few decades ago now.
I was talking to my
guides and asking them
questions about
what was going on
because there's such a diversity
in consciousness on Earth.
And it's because I'd heard them
say something in a regression
that this is through
another person.
We're from the same soul tribe.
We're from where
those beings are from.
And they were talking about--
as she was giving
a channeling, I
was in the back of
the room listening.
And they said, oh, yeah,
that's not a problem.
And they blew
something off they,
would never blow off
about someone's concern
about their mother
who was passing.
And I said, hey, what
was that about later?
And they said, they'll be
going to the new Earth--
to the other Earth.
They didn't call it new Earth.
They called it other Earth.
And they started coming up in
Dolores Cannon's work as well,
that there is
another Earth that's
been formed over a very
long period of time
at a density that allows
us now to stay more
with our own vibration and
people of a similar vibration.
And as our Earth, this
Earth, is transiting
into her new frequency
field, we have to keep step.
And that's what you're talking
about, love and gratitude.
But if you're not keeping
step and you're still
in the kindergarten and first
grade lessons of don't steal,
rape, beat, and so
forth, each other,
go to the other Earth
for a little while.
You don't know the difference.
We forget anyway.
And keep learning, amongst
others, learning the same thing.
So it's rapid learning.
So that's what I was--
that's what I was told,
is the time of clearing
things with family
has come because we now go to
different vibrations of Earth.
How do you feel about that?
>>APRIL: Yeah, I mean,
that's exactly what
I've channeled as well.
>>REGINA: OK, wonderful.
>>APRIL: Yeah, and a
really good example
because it's such an
intangible concept
almost that we've got these two
planet, these two earths that
are overlapping
different dimensions.
>>REGINA: Just
different vibrations.
>>APRIL: Just
But a really good
comparison is if you
live in, say, an apartment
or even like the suburbs
and you've got neighbors, you
will go out at different times
during the week.
And you'll always come across
the same neighbors, always.
But you've got hundreds,
if not thousands, of others
that you could come across.
But it's always the same people.
And yet you never
see anyone else.
And so that's a
really good comparison
of how both Earths
are coexisting.
Everyone lives in the
same neighborhood.
And yet because of the
different frequencies,
we actually only interact with
those who are at our level.
>>REGINA: Yes.
One time I traveled back
into it or over, whatever,
into that density.
I just wanted to see what it
felt like or what it was like.
I was curious.
One thing I noticed
that it was like Earth.
I mean, it has the flora,
fauna, looks like Earth.
But what I noticed,
in the other one where
the lessons that are a little
more basic are still occurring,
there was virtually
no technology.
It was very simple.
You get to work things
out with each other.
You have your food and
animals and everything.
But there was no technology.
And I thought, well,
that would make sense.
Technology requires
a pretty advanced,
if you're going to do
it right, thinking.
>>APRIL: And part of my concern
with a lot of the technological
developments and AI and things
that we see these days is
it's not necessarily
the technology itself
that's concerning, it's more
so the individuals who are
in charge of--
>>REGINA: Oh, absolutely.
>>APRIL: --programming
the technology.
And it's where's their vibration
at which is fascinating.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it is.
So let's talk about
that a little bit.
First of all, the timelines,
you have certain timelines,
so to speak, that you're
looking at for the advancement
of the species that chooses
to live in gratitude
and stay with the
Earth's frequencies.
Let's talk about it.
>>APRIL: Yeah, so there's
two main timelines
that the Galactic Federation has
specifically mentioned to me.
And this has been over 10 years
that these two main timelines
have emerged.
One is a rip the Band-Aid
off sort of timeline.
It's a huge solar flare
hitting the planet,
wiping out our electrical grid.
Everything goes in chaos.
But coming from that is
ascension, a higher vibration,
and also things like
free energy technology.
We can't repair the
grid, so we have
to bring in alternate solutions.
So that's part of it.
And then the other timeline,
which I personally prefer,
is a little bit of a slower
or more gradual shift getting
hit with, yes, strong
solar flares still.
>>REGINA: We're having
those right now as we speak.
>>APRIL: We are in
the middle of it.
>>REGINA: Huge.
I mean, decades it's been
since these have happened.
>>APRIL: And we are in this
solar maximum period as well,
so getting hit with
these strong solar flares
ascending, being
forced to look inward,
being forced to let go of all
of that attachment and fear
and doubt and all of that, and
shifting gradually so that we
can all shift together.
I think a lot of people want
that immediate ascension
to happen.
But what we don't
realize is that we're
a very fragile species.
>>REGINA: Oh, it
just adds more trauma
to the trauma we've
already experienced.
>>APRIL: Bingo.
It just adds way more trauma.
And it'll take a lot of repair
after a situation like that.
So--
>>REGINA: I'm not
voting for that one.
>>APRIL: Exactly.
And luckily, the
Galactic Federation
seems to be really on our side
with more of a gradual shift.
They do have the
technology to prevent
a very massive solar flare
from wiping out our grid.
And so they've been
monitoring those specifically
to help us gradually shift
rather than shift all at once.
>>REGINA: That's good.
What about the notion,
though, of the sun
itself, which is a vast, vastly
intelligent, life-giving entity?
Where does that part
of the story come in?
Because I actually
have not heard
anybody talking about the
sun's choice and all of this?
>>APRIL: I love that
you bring that up.
So I have spoken with mostly
Mother Gaia as a consciousness
and where she's at.
And then I have also spoken
with the sun as a consciousness,
much more masculine--
>>REGINA: Very much.
>>APRIL: --whereas
Gaia is so feminine.
But yeah, very strong,
masculine energy.
Imagine like an
energetic-- imagine
you're about to step on stage
in front of thousands of people
and the anxiety and the
emotions and the energy
and the excitement and all of
the things that are in you.
That's where the sun is at
right now, just on his own path,
in a sense.
And so there's a
building of energy.
And then there needs to
be a releasing of energy.
And of course, this
is all contracted.
It's all aligned to where
the Earth needs to be at--
>>REGINA: We've aligned with it.
>>APRIL: --during our ascension.
>>REGINA: We chose to, before
birth, to be here at this time.
It's really important
for everyone
to remember there
are no victims here.
We all chose to
incarnate for this party.
So the sun can choose how he
wishes to release the energy.
And is there--
I mean, according to the
beings that you speak with, do
you get any sense of whether the
sun wants to just let it all go
or be a little bit more
patient for the very reasons
of its interface
with consciousness
in our solar system.
>>APRIL: Yeah,
that's fascinating.
I don't know where the sun is at
as far as what he would prefer,
what that consciousness--
>>REGINA: We need to ask him.
I guess we should just
talk to him and find out.
>>APRIL: Yeah, absolutely.
>>REGINA: We do a morning
sun meditation and ask.
I haven't asked.
>>APRIL: Yeah, I
haven't asked either,
so that would be very
fascinating to get into.
>>REGINA: Yeah, because
there is compassion here.
And Earth herself is so
magnificently regenerative.
If we just stop kicking
her, she recovers overnight.
COVID taught us that.
She's amazing.
>>APRIL: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And she's
working with the sun.
Nothing here lives
without the sun.
So I'm just saying,
let's take it
to the highest level and maybe
all meditate on that for a bit
and ask that we be
given some grace.
We can request.
>>APRIL: I didn't
even think about that.
[LAUGHTER]
I love that.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: It's just a thought.
So now, the other thing
is about timelines.
We both like the notion
of the slower timeline,
about timeline jumping,
timeline shifting.
Talk to us a little bit
about that because that is,
I think, harder for people
to understand sometimes.
We're going to get to the
Mandela effect, by the way.
>>APRIL: And it is quite
an overwhelming concept
to cover and to think
about and even to explain.
And so I'm a clairvoyant, which
means that I can see energies.
And so I can see the quantum
world and how everything works.
So for example, today I chose
water to be in this cup.
But there was an infinite
number of other choices.
It could have been coconut
water, could have been tea,
could have been coffee.
It could have been juice.
It could have been anything.
And so those are all
actually separate timelines
that are coexisting.
So one of the easiest ways to
explain timelines and timeline
jumping and time
itself is instead
of the past, the present,
and the future happening
in a linear fashion, it's
the past, the present,
and the future
happening simultaneously
on top of each other.
And so when we
take a look at all
of these different variations
of timelines, what happens
is we create a timeline
first in a nonphysical sense
by focusing on it.
So if this morning I was like,
I'm really craving orange juice
but I don't know where I
would get orange juice,
and then all of a sudden someone
comes up to me in the studio
and says, hey, you
know what, we've
got some fresh orange juice,
great, I'll take that,
and there would be
orange juice in my cup.
But the thought
of it comes first.
So when we think about hopping
into different timelines,
it does happen sometimes
randomly but not so randomly.
But most of the time,
it happens first
with conscious focus
and conscious thought.
And so I always think about
solidifying a timeline.
So for example, if you wanted
to manifest something, something
random like a basketball,
for example, you're like,
I don't really interact
with basketball,
so I want to test out my
manifestation abilities.
You think about a
basketball once.
And in your mind, it
is a transparent layer.
You think about a basketball
again, another transparent
layer.
I think about it again
and again and again.
And eventually, you're
adding density--
>>REGINA: Absolutely,
through repetition.
>>APRIL: --through repetition,
through thought, through focus.
And eventually, the
thought of the basketball
is so dense that it
pops into this reality.
And you hop into that timeline.
>>REGINA: So it sounds like
another word for timeline
because people attach
time rather than outcome,
so to speak.
So another word for timeline
could be an ultimately created
reality.
>>APRIL: Bingo.
>>REGINA: That's it.
So it's not about time per se.
But I know the way
you're referring to it
is how others refer
to it as well.
So it's an ultimately
created reality
through our own desire
and repetition of thought
that reinforces it.
So we have to be-- this is
the whole thing, people.
I think we're just now getting
to where we realize, yeah,
I do need to really start
thinking about where
my mind's going because we think
you can sit down and meditate.
And because you meditated
that day, you're good to go.
And then you have
trashy thoughts all day.
That doesn't work.
Forget the meditation if you're
going to forget something
and look at the quality of
thoughts during the day.
>>APRIL: And so I have
another really good example.
A lot of people come to me and
they're like, well, Elizabeth,
my relationship is terrible.
My job is terrible.
I'm not getting paid enough.
My living situation is terrible.
How can I find gratitude
in all of this?
And I have to reframe
their reality.
And a big part of
it is if you have
access to tap water that's
drinkable, that's huge.
30% of the entire population
do not have access
to clean drinking water.
Yeah, we may not want to drink
the tap water but we can.
Access to the internet.
Once again, 30, 40%
of the population
does not have access
to the internet, which
is essentially free education.
It's consciousness sharing.
And so there's always
something to be grateful for.
I can walk down the street
and have a terrible day
and see a blooming
flower and just see
the beauty in the world.
And the more that we
shift our perception--
so even if, for example, a
terrible job, you're like,
you hate your job, you're not
getting paid enough, I get it.
But you are still
getting a paycheck.
And that paycheck
is still paying
for the roof over your head.
So at the end of the day, maybe
there's nothing about your job
other than that paycheck
that you can be grateful for.
So focus on that thing.
Focus on the gratitude.
And when you raise the vibration
of the reality that you're in,
the reality that you're
in begins to shift.
And then you lose your job.
And you find a better one.
Your relationship
shifts for a better one
and so on and so forth.
I think that gratitude piece
is we can all-- especially
in the Western world,
I think that we're
so privileged in so
many ways, we don't even
understand our privilege.
And so to take a look at
the people who are suffering
and realize that access
to clean drinking water
and food and a roof over
our head and internet
are all things to be
really deeply grateful for.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I couldn't agree with you more.
And you're right, it
can be a terrible day.
But there's a beautiful flower.
And I think once anyone gets
to that point where they cannot
just walk past that flower
feeling grumpy, you've changed.
So that was a beautiful example.
Thank you for that.
This might seem like a
bit of a non sequitur,
but I'm going
somewhere else with it.
So a lot of the
reason people feel
the way they do is by judgment
and comparison with other.
Someone else has more.
So we're not doing well enough
because someone else has more.
It is a condition,
human condition that we
need to work on, obviously.
So that's going to get into the
feeding the matrix part of this.
But the segue is when
you speak with the beings
from other places,
those who even
have the capability of
traveling planetarily
and such as many people watching
have in their past lives,
is AI absolutely an essential
part, a critical part
of this development?
I mean, you can't really
expand out physically probably
without some type of
artificial intelligence.
And the time has arrived for it.
>>APRIL: Yes.
OK, great question.
So, so many people are
really scared of AI.
And like I referenced
earlier, I'm
more worried about
the developers of AI
and how they're programming
it than the technology itself.
When I connect with
the Galactic Federation
and I share my fears and
worries from humanity about AI
and the potential takeover
and all this stuff, they say,
well, Elizabeth, what have
we been doing for centuries?
We've been working
with AI, a sentient AI.
Robots, all of that have
been out there for millennia,
for many, many years.
And we just know how to
navigate it properly.
And so, like anything, we
cannot put a halt on progression
because of fears.
We just need to come
up with new solutions
if we have new problems.
And that's it.
So I really do think that
it's about connecting
with the technology and allowing
it to progress us forward.
And even up on
those ships, I mean,
there's no separation between
consciousness and technology.
It's one and the same.
I mean, they control their ships
by simply thinking, go right,
and they go right.
And so that's where
we're going to get to.
But we do need to be in a place
of a higher conscious vibration
before we get to that place
where we can very seamlessly
integrate with technology.
>>REGINA: Yes,
and that brings us
to then the larger question
of dominant control themes
that are happening
on the planet.
And we're both
concerned about that.
In fact, just as an aside,
Lee Harris and I wrote a book
together recently called
"The Future Human."
And of course, I was asking all
the questions and did my thing.
And I did ask about AI.
They said, oh, AI has visited
Earth many times before.
This isn't the
first introduction.
So we had ancient
times, Atlantean times,
it's already been here.
So it's just re-emerging.
And again, now we get to the
problem of the developers,
the controllers of it.
And then I'll do another little
segue because it's fascinating.
So let's talk about that
from your point of view.
What's happening
with the algorithms
and feeding the
beast in each person?
>>APRIL: Yeah, OK.
So when we think about--
there's a high vibration.
And there's a low vibration.
We live in a binary universe.
We live in a binary
system, binary planet.
With technology and AI,
there is unity or separation.
And so if you think about
just basic technology
these days, we've got programs.
We've got social media.
We've got TV.
We've got Netflix.
Because I'm in
the mom world now,
we've got flashing baby toys.
And it's just so stimulating.
And what does that do?
What does all of this
technology-- all of this,
the algorithms, the social
media, it separates us further.
It makes us more anxious.
It makes us feel even more
different, even more comparison,
even more of the filtered
girls on there and all of that.
And so it can be quite damaging.
And a lot of the time when
we turn off our technology
and we reconnect to nature,
we feel unified again.
When we reconnect with each
other, we feel the unity again.
So I think the
turning point for us
is, how do we utilize technology
to actually help unify humanity
rather than continue
to separate it?
And we do see some really
incredible examples of this
as well in society where
technology has brought people
together around a similar cause.
And we can all get together
and stand up against the powers
that be.
I like to call them
the powers that were.
And so that's all they want.
They want more control.
They want more separation.
They want to dull us down.
They want to make sure
that we're not questioning.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
I actually did a pyramid that's
inverted from the one that's
been put out there.
I don't call them
the powers that be.
Actually, the pyramid is
us doing the things we do,
being people and singing
and having children
and loving nature and
working, doing what we do.
And at the very bottom
are these little grim
photos of the controllers, which
I actually-- it's not very nice.
But I call them bottom
feeders because that's
where you get that--
you skim off that dense, fearful
energy is like a bottom feeder.
And so the bottom
feeders, sadly,
still have a fair amount
of control but not forever.
And so to what you speak
of, taking this technology
and making it work for us
on the most really almost
subliminal ways, for example--
I did a commentary
recently on this--
when you wake up in the morning
and you open up the phone,
you get your phone
or your computer
and all your preferences
start coming in--
my feed, if I were
to open YouTube,
will be babies,
bunnies, and puppies.
So I wake up just,
oh, isn't that cute?
And that's what I
wake up to every day,
is babies, bunnies, and puppies.
And it's really
because I've allowed
it to work for me in
that sense because I
don't care for its intrusion
of things that aren't mine.
But if you look at humanity,
huge percentage of people
open up to bunnies,
babies, and puppies.
And we share it with each other.
And it warms our heart.
But look what we're being
fed from the top down
in the control systems of
media and entertainment.
That's not who we are.
But it's addictive.
So let's talk about not
feeding that matrix.
>>APRIL: Yes.
So just like hopping timelines
or creating alternate realities
and improving your life,
it's the same thing.
Wherever your
focus goes is where
you feed that reality,
that collective reality.
So I try and tell people,
stop watching the news.
Stop feeding in even
all of the agendas
and the conspiracies because one
of the first stages of awakening
is you question everything.
What's going on?
Who's in control?
What am I doing?
Am I happy.
Those sort of things,
which is great to question.
But the questioning will
lead us into the conspiracies
and the agendas.
And then a lot--
>>REGINA: I call
it the entry drug.
>>APRIL: There you go.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: And I've
been involved with it.
For many years, I've
done thick and--
I've interviewed them all.
>>APRIL: Yeah, exactly.
And so we're now at a point
where, yes, we understand
these things are happening.
But then what?
>>REGINA: Then what?
>>APRIL: What else is going on?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>APRIL: And
there's so much more
going on that's beautiful
and lovely and unifying.
And that's what God is,
or that's what source is.
It's everything.
It's light and dark combined.
So we have to go
through the suffering.
We have to go through
the challenge.
We have to go through the
darkness to see the light.
But it's no longer time to
feed into any sort of fear,
whether it be fear coming
from mainstream news or fear
coming from alternate news.
It's time to really feed the
new Earth with puppies, bunnies,
and babies and love and
gratitude and stopping
to smell that flower
because, wow, what a gift.
And so it's really just what our
focus is on throughout the day,
you know?
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
It's actually that
simple because the fact
is you can read
about the conspiracy.
And it can be true.
It's not a conspiracy.
Someone actually
conspired to do that.
And they're doing it.
I mean, again, reading
that stuff for decades.
But in the end, the only
thing that can correct it
is our collective
optimism, gratitude,
and love which is going
to shift that field away
from those realities.
And just like you
said a moment ago,
the disconnect is
so obvious, anybody
can see it now because
I do believe people way
on the side of light.
Humanity in general is good.
We love, we want the same things
for our children and our bunnies
and puppies.
And we want the same things.
We all have our little
darkness here and there,
our shadow that we deal with.
But walking around by day,
most of us aren't dark souls.
So why is that being
reflected back to us
from the top of the media chain?
>>APRIL: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Nonsense.
Don't buy it anymore.
OK, now let's talk about people
that say, all right, I hear you.
I've got it.
But I'm just really struggling.
And they want to turn
to their guidance
to help them overcome all
this darkness and suffering
and unfairness in the world.
You see it a little differently.
>>APRIL: Yeah, well, I
mean, I truly believe
that we're all channelers.
We are all psychic.
We are all tapped in.
We are energy bodies
first, as you know,
and then physical bodies after.
And so this is the time.
I mean, it is the
time right now where
we see ourselves for this
incredible, infinite being
that we are.
And I'm hoping that one
day I'm out of a job.
I'm hoping that one
day I am no longer
the conduit of information
because everyone has access
to that information themselves.
And that's where we're going.
And so it's not about
following a teacher anymore.
It's about becoming the teacher.
It's about becoming the
wayshower and embodying that.
That's the most important
thing right now,
is to see ourselves for how
incredible and powerful we are
and to step into
that and to help
the rest of the world with that.
But of course, we cannot help
anyone else out first if we
haven't helped ourselves.
I always say, we have to
give from a place of overflow
because if we're giving
from a place of lack,
then all we're giving is lack.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
Very well put.
And the notion also of
working with other beings.
We have been stepped on
for quite a long time.
We've had a boot on our necks
for quite a long time on Earth.
And now we're putting our
own boots on our own necks
because we've been appropriately
programmed to see ourselves
as less than and lacking.
OK, that game is ending.
But what we've tended to do
is then give our power away
because another being
is from somewhere else.
And we worship.
It's not about worship.
We should not be worshipping.
Give love.
Give respect and gratitude.
We should not be throwing our
power before another being.
>>APRIL: Absolutely.
Yeah, it's really important.
And you think about, how did
all of the religions in the past
actually get started?
And it was some sort of contact
with an extraterrestrial being.
And they had some
profound experience.
And then they
believed that they're
the Messiah of that being.
>>REGINA: And you worship them.
>>APRIL: And you worship them.
Exactly.
And so that's just--
that's not the case anymore.
It's a unification.
It's a togetherness.
It's understanding that we
all have this connection
to pure divine source
and no worship.
But I will say that
what I've been noticing
is the Individuals with some
of the greatest networks--
and I'm talking about,
say, a community,
social media, online networks.
The individuals who have
the biggest networks
are typically the
most inauthentic.
>>REGINA: I know.
>>APRIL: And the ones who are
the real deal, like they're
doing the work, they're
really authentic, they've
learned discernment, no
one knows who they are.
>>REGINA: Because they're
not about self-promotion.
They're about the
information and sharing.
Believe me, I'm
always combing, trying
to find the beautiful
souls that are not
about just selling themselves.
This is hard.
>>APRIL: They're the
diamonds in the rough.
And also, there's a
reflection, too, of if
the individual who
is, say-- and there's
a lot of false spirituality out
there, the ones with the egos.
And they've got
these big networks.
And I wonder to myself, how
can none of these people
see the truth?
>>REGINA: I wonder the same.
>>APRIL: How do they not see?
But I think that they match
each other in the vibration.
And I know that once
we tip those scales,
all of those people will be
seen for who they truly are.
And I really do believe
that the ones who have not
been seen because they are
just doing their own thing
and they're giving back
and they're authentic, I do
believe that they
will have a platform
because the rest of humanity
will get to that level too.
And they'll all mirror
each other's vibration.
It's just where
we're at right now.
>>REGINA: It's where
>>APRIL: It's kind
of a waiting game.
>>REGINA: It is.
And I totally agree
with you on that.
And I'm so glad that you
are authentic because you're
going to be taking
off in media here,
it sounds like, the
thing we've talked about.
So let's talk about
that for just--
we have a few minutes left
before your final thoughts.
My understanding is you might
be doing something with Peacock.
Is that correct?
>>APRIL: Oh, yeah.
So I did just do a
TV show with Peacock
helping Demi Lovato, which is
crazy that there's celebrities
who are waking up, helped her
connect with extraterrestrials.
But yeah, I'm really working
on two books right now.
And that's my main trajectory
in helping humanity.
>>REGINA: And what
are they about?
>>APRIL: So one is
more mainstream.
And it's called "Your Anxiety
is Giving Me Anxiety."
>>REGINA: I love it.
>>APRIL: I mean, children,
adults, everyone suffering.
And no one really knows why.
And I feel like I have
some answers there
as a chronic sufferer myself.
So that's all about anxiety.
And then the other one, the
working title is "Cosmic
Conversations."
And it is straight
dialogue between me
and extraterrestrials
to help humanity better
understand where
we're at and how we
can move across this ascension.
So much more interdimensional at
a very high level information.
>>REGINA: For your
other audience.
>>APRIL: For my other
audience, exactly.
>>REGINA: And any final thoughts
here about this wonderful time
we're in with solar flares,
all the institutions
crumbling and
changing and morphing
into something else and
people just not knowing quite
where to put their
foot down next.
Final thoughts on that.
>>APRIL: Final thoughts
is hang in there
because we are
finally at the time.
And take action.
So if you're at a place where
you've been coasting along
and you've been waiting and
you've been just allowing things
to pass you by, this is the time
to ask for what you really want.
This is the time to step
into that energy of,
I deserve a healthy
relationship.
I deserve a career where I feel
excited to wake up every day
because when we follow
that joy, that's
when everything unfolds for us.
And we can step into
that higher timeline.
So it's no longer time to wait.
It's time to act
because the time is now.
It's a very exciting
time to be here.
>>REGINA: And in
an odd way, COVID
added to that because
people stopped
doing the things they didn't
like because they couldn't
go to work and just couldn't get
it together to go back and do
things they didn't like.
We're seeing it everywhere
you go, shortage of employees.
It doesn't even matter
what the industry is,
because so many
people were there
because they didn't want to be.
So in a strange way,
it halted everything
to let us see our--
feel our own feelings.
So I think that's
perfect and beautiful.
It's going to change economic
systems, it already has.
Everything is changing.
But it's all toward letting
us live authentically.
And what about the
little kids now?
They're coming in with a
more advanced knowledge,
more awareness.
>>APRIL: I do.
I have so much hope for
the future generations.
Every day I have more hope.
Sometimes I lose a little bit
of hope, and then I get it back.
But I do believe that these
children are going to change
the system as we know it.
And it's up to us
to support them
as best as we can to do that.
>>REGINA: Listen to them.
Love them.
But give them a
little bit of grist
so they have some
challenge as well, right?
>>APRIL: Yes.
>>REGINA: Well, I'm
sure you're going to be
an absolutely wonderful mother.
You are a wonderful mother.
And I thank you so much for your
authenticity and your beauty,
your internal beauty.
You're beautiful on the outside,
too, but your internal beauty
and being true to yourself.
>>APRIL: Thank you.
>>REGINA: It's been
wonderful talking to you.
>>APRIL: Such a pleasure.
>>REGINA: You can go to
elizabethapril.com to learn more
about her podcast and her work.
Meanwhile, thank you for
joining us here on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]